killer but your nigga Oh like
blackplanet strapped up hey what up with
all my GPA up nigga sweet a mob out of
here man go ahead and hit that like
button follow me on Twitter and
subscribe to your boy you know you're on
the road of 5000 subscribers and stuff
if you see just a third game gonna play
off the finals and i will be posting on
sunday and after my last 2k15 video you
know and it will be sick I mean that'd
be my last 2k14 video and we'll be going
on the 2k15 GG i got the bar right here
crossing over and getting straight to
the best guys i hitting that fat lie yes
good man 320 and uh if y'all a put
myself go to for house auntie and go
look at my video that i put up all over
there so your voice and support you know
made my gb on me just to come over there
so show me some support over there right
let's go by 20 i got the ball crossing
over I'm going bank / switching it out
let's birth you is not bout to black me
dawg let's go look we just playing so
we're playing our office was clicking
right we goes Lu I look at this office
is clicking man I did that on purpose I
passing on my purpose i won't get that
shot clock violation you know stop that
happening here if your shot is that shot
clock cheese i got the ball crossing
over oh got a screen I'm ginter all
right just go they could not screw our
defense is pretty good man for a minute
you know as we go on the fast break and
look how to pass on the ball set that
nigga up man Shannon Brown get up set
that man up let's go you see a child
cheese right here we on that fast break
and since a child cheese we gonna choose
as you see Trevor Lisa's gonna throw it
down right there eight to 17 look who's
going on one man but they can sub me out
on anything and look at this look at
this oh my god two cakes okay
as though you see I lived around wide
open but I don't know what the hell I
was I think I was going to leave soon I
don't know I don't know what their I was
on I left that man wide open though you
see we win by four points ball bounced
off my finals Jordan as i get to the
basket its goal like my shoes i will be
posting to shoot video too i will be
doing there i'll be posting show video
as you see what's what got injured my
finals that's crazy so first game it was
the first game it was a lebron james
right in the playoffs look at that pass
the ball off this nigga back shot at
three it's goes sweet like candy is the
first game was a brown Jane second game
was Carmelo Anthony and the finals is
this whispered oh my god graphic hey
they gave me they kind of gave me Wales
now but they was kind of cheat when
Shannon Brown angle la terre Shannon
Brandis think he's in all type of threes
as you see it going up for live to
Shannon Brown it was like well it wasn't
off the floor you know deeper shot the
ball uh-uh you can tell that lazy ass
pass against me you see I'm coming down
for it don't have died there's quite a
get to the basket I got dimes for day
just go just branch out crossed me up
right there as you see and I'll let it
turn over the blood right here but we
playing good defense I'm like get me the
ball man let's go come down to court and
look pulling for a wide open three
they're sweet light changes right there
man ever mother my girl it I got the
shot telling us going oh you see ate
cheese and stuff like that is all right
sir
go crossing over its straight to the
basket right yeah oh my god you know my
mama raised no pump some hit that freak
I missed the free throw man this whole
game they was they was cheating I can
hear no free throws as I switch it out
man let's go making it a one plainly
right there 7675 I got 38 points five
assists and look crossing over passing
like Porter pets meebo I don't back out
raining stove boy I got range just cold
man so we have like some points about to
be the end of the third quarter look
they made me get on that man Bernie made
me get on them look at that 2k y'all got
it what's up these animations now with
this numba don't you take 15 gonna be
mad man you know and I don't know why I
backed up to a final so nice try to pull
that right there I'm gonna hit them up
for almost 80 let's go fourth-quarter
got 41 points five assists call for that
pic and look pitch that you're the
bestest buddy keeps banged on let's go
Eddie 1 280 we down my three we're down
by three play good defense looking
Gortat got a good time playing this
nigga let's go hustle good hustle man
let's go okay like I said hit that like
button follow me on Twitter and do all
that good stuff as I pass the fence
clutter tie the game up yes go I'm
telling him I ogia a ring man try
condensed Carter ring you know EJ know
personally jumped over somebody you know
and the king let's go pushing off okay
he written you hear is me I'm doing too
much dribbling right there out of my
fault cuz I get ripped right there man
that we lose it now we losing you get
eyes what we gonna answer by seven so
it's good crossing over step back make
sure my foot be on the line kidding just
go kid Yahoo 9692 we down my four points
I'm picking up that pass and lined out
however if that's gonna be in 2k15 cuz
right so you can just do that all day
till you the computer is still throw
that pass I don't know why but uh oh
thanks to kind of change it iNOS but
like it Sefolosha stop the lecture for
three points let's go with got my three
playing good defense just go getting our
rebound right there test me the barber
I'm oh my god sorry we got the ball huh
we got my three take club before
eight-second violation right oh my god
oh man I can't win I can't win we
probably took our first our elders like
a Shannon Brown for three oh my god 10
to the 98 squee I gotta come back d
can't gotta come back call for that pic
right here call for that pic uh oh no
candy let's go making it a one-point
game they have to call the time line
right there and win another pig I want
guard Tyler I know what to do I want
that pic set it up set it up I want that
pig 50 plain too much defense Oh candy
let's go let's go tie the game up right
there 104 104 I got 60 points looking
isn't it name oh we don't throw one not
a dime oh you up my dime burn
up my dime look oh I got the ball
right here I'm uh I got a highlight I
gotta make that let's go we up our two
points right there one minute on the
clock one number now on the clock couple
seconds running down we have our two
points you know I'm like this a
four-point game right here Oh parties do
not jump with me you already know left
Alaska yo ass got on nigga no
but they hit the free throw and
everything like that are
you know if you like this video go here
to hit that thumbs up not be back on
sunday and i'll be back on ah you know
i'll be back on saturday and sunday you
know probably helping me I'm out GP up
wait am I Enoch put on the Hall of Fame
dog so I see oh man hey like I said I'm
out